# Tips for this week

This week, me and my team's time working together mainly served the purpose of reflecting upon the frist sprint week: aspects in which we could've done better and how could we approach the second sprint week whilst taking the feedback into account. To begin with, I mainly argued 2 points, the first being that our SCRUM meetings had considerable room for improvement as our current SCRUM master was not vocal, proactive and authoritative enough. Therefore, the action to take in order to warrant smoother workflow & communication was to either swap around the SCRUM master role between team members or to simply appoint someone else. 

Secondly, another thing we could have done better is referring back to the MoSCoW analysis more. I feel that although the analysis is mainly done to support the team defining the 'shape' and scope of the project, some of the team did not refer back to it enough. As a result, gradually as we went into the sprint week, the team started drifting off the core requirements, discarding the initial order of the tasks the team had in place, and got carried away by spending time in trivial functionalities. As a result, we agreed that for the second sprint week, we will agree on prioritising certain tasks over others depending on their complexity in implementing & their dependency on other functionalities of the project. 

The team also communicated with the academic consultant/mentor as well a one of the employees from Raytheon (Isaac), and took into account the feedback they provided regarding the presentation & more specifically regarding the technical features and how they could be improved. 
